Then there's you
Your IQ is actually a rich second generation?
Can you say that again?
I said you were retarded.
I remember now.
Except for me and my brother
It's possible that someone is so important
Duan Hui, my cousin
Help when he comes in today
Is it the broken ash that I hit?
Yeah, that's him.
Then that's right
My dad is a big spinach with broken ash
How could he do something to his uncle?
Then explain to me
What is the situation with this poison?
I think it's your kid
I don't believe Duan Hui can do such a thing even if I kill him
I think it's possible
The reason is that Duan Hui has always hated Doctor Ye Shen
Doing this will not only frame Doctor Ye
And he kept trying to get Dad to pay him
Dad has always disagreed
If dad dies
His profit is the greatest.